TITLE: Moo Deng, Mew News: Memecoin Moo Deng, MEW Surges After Robinhood Listing
META og:description Both tokens jumped on the news, adding to their already large gains this month. 
Moo Deng, Mew News: Memecoin Moo Deng, MEW Surges After Robinhood Listing Markets Memecoin Moo Deng, MEW Surges After Robinhood Listing Both tokens jumped on the news, adding to their already large gains this month. By Helene Braun | Edited by Aoyon Ashraf Updated May 23, 2025, 11:30 a.m. EDT Published May 22, 2025, 5:27 p.m. EDT 1 min read Make preferred on Share Share this article Copy link X (Twitter) LinkedIn Facebook Email Make preferred on Moo Deng. (Youtube screenshot) Summary Show Robinhood has added two Solana-based memecoins, MOODENG and MEW, to its cryptocurrency offerings for U.S. customers.
MOODENG, inspired by a baby pygmy hippo meme, has reached a $230 million market cap, surging over 836% in May.
MEW, launched during a Solana meme coin frenzy, now holds a $368 million market cap after a 52% price increase in May.
Robinhood has added two Solana-based memecoins, Moo Deng {{MOODENG}} and cat in a dog’s world {{MEW}}, to its suite of cryptocurrencies available to trade for U.S. customers.
Moo Deng, which is based on a baby pygmy hippo, has risen to a $230 million market cap this month after the meme went viral online in 2024. The token skyrocketed over 836% in May and jumped another 21% over the past 24 hours.
Cat in a dog’s world, on the other hand, is a token based on cats, which launched in March 2024 as part of a Solana meme coin frenzy . The token stands at a $368 million market cap after its price rose 52% in May. It is up nearly 20% over the past 24 hours.
The latest inclusions add to Robinhood’s list of meme coins, and the regulatory landscape is becoming much more flexible after the nomination of several pro-crypto government leaders and President Donald Trump's U.S. election win last year.
In November, Robinhood added the trading of Pepe coin PEPE $0.0₅4461 , another popular meme coin. The trading app currently offers over 20 cryptocurrencies after previously ending support for several tokens in 2023 amid a crackdown on crypto by the former Securities and Exchange Commission Chair, Gary Gensler.
1 Altcoins rally across the board as bitcoin consolidates near $84,000 1 hour ago
2 Bitcoin ETFs have erased a $5.8 billion hole 1 hour ago
3 KelpDAO sues LayerZero for the largest exploit 2026 has seen so far 2 hours ago
4 Live updates: Bitcoin steadies near $84,000 as the bond selloff pauses 3 hours ago
5 Bitget's $352 million hack happened via spoofed transfers, not private keys, CEO Gracy Chen says 6 hours ago
6 New York sues Polymarket, alleging it is running an illegal gambling operation 12 hours ago
7 U.S. Federal Reserve moves on proposals to implement GENIUS Act for stablecoins 12 hours ago
8 Crypto exchange Bitget says $352 million affected in a hack, claims user funds are 'safe' 13 hours ago
9 Someone was trying to sell Ondo Finance after founder Nathan Allman's death 14 hours ago
10 Bullish, Alpaca and Apex Fintech form coalition to push issuer-backed tokenized stocks 14 hours ago
The Definitive Stablecoin Landscape Series: Asia Pacific
The Definitive Stablecoin Landscape Series: Asia Pacific
As stablecoins move into regulated finance, APAC is becoming a key proving ground. This report maps the region’s rules, use cases, and RLUSD’s role.
As stablecoins move into regulated finance, APAC is becoming a key proving ground. This report maps the region’s rules, use cases, and RLUSD’s role.
As stablecoins move into regulated finance, APAC is becoming a key proving ground. This report maps the region’s rules, use cases, and RLUSD’s role.
[len 3519 ]
