TITLE: X (formerly Twitter) announces new pay-as-you-go pricing model for developer APIs, officially moving away from fixed monthly fees of $200 or $5,000 - GIGAZINE
META og:description Twitter (formerly Twitter) has announced a new pay-as-you-go pricing model for its API. Previously, developers had to pay a fixed monthly fee of $200 or $5,000, but now they can purchase credits and use them as they request API requests. X Developer Platform https://developer.x.com/#pricing X API Pricing https://docs.x.com/x-api/getting-started/pricing Usage and Billing https://docs.x.com/x-api/fundamentals/post-cap Important notes: • Only for-good Public Utility apps will continue to get Free scaled X API access • Legacy Free (recently active) API users will move to Pay-Per-Use with a one-time $10 voucher • Basic &amp;amp; Pro X API plans will remain available with the ability to opt-in to… — Developers (@XDevelopers) February 6, 2026  In February 2023, during its Twitter days, X announced that it would end the free provision of 'Twitter API v2' and 'Twitter API v1.1' and consolidate them into paid plans. Twitter to end free API provision, impacting account linking, etc. - GIGAZINE  However, X has been offering a pay-per-use model in closed beta since around October 2025, and has now been officially released. The key to the pay-per-use model is that you purchase credits in advance, and the balance decreases each time you call the API. The fee is not a flat rate; the unit price varies depending on which endpoint you use, and the specific unit price can be checked on the Developer Console. The fee structure is as follows:  While retrieving the same data multiple times can easily increase costs, X explains that in principle, there is a system in place to avoid charging for duplicates when retrieving the same post or user repeatedly on the same day. However, they also state that there are exceptions and that this is not a complete guarantee. To prevent overuse, there are settings that automatically purchase additional credits when the balance falls below a certain level, and settings that set a spending limit for each billing cycle and stop requests when the limit is reached. In other words, monitoring usage and setting limits will become the focus of operations, compared to when you purchased space at a fixed rate. Public apps with high public interest will continue to receive free, scaled access. Developers who were previously using the old free tier will receive a one-time $10 voucher when they switch to pay-as-you-go pricing. Developers who already have a fixed-fee Basic or Pro plan can switch to pay-as-you-go pricing if needed, leaving room for existing contracts.
Feb 09, 2026 13:26:00 X (formerly Twitter) announces new pay-as-you-go pricing model for developer APIs, officially moving away from fixed monthly fees of $200 or $5,000 Twitter (formerly Twitter) has announced a new pay-as-you-go pricing model for its API. Previously, developers had to pay a fixed monthly fee of $200 or $5,000, but now they can purchase credits and use them as they request API requests. X Developer Platform https://developer.x.com/#pricing X API Pricing https://docs.x.com/x-api/getting-started/pricing Usage and Billing https://docs.x.com/x-api/fundamentals/post-cap Important notes: • Only for-good Public Utility apps will continue to get Free scaled X API access • Legacy Free (recently active) API users will move to Pay-Per-Use with a one-time $10 voucher • Basic & Pro X API plans will remain available with the ability to opt-in to… — Developers (@XDevelopers) February 6, 2026 In February 2023, during its Twitter days, X announced that it would end the free provision of 'Twitter API v2' and 'Twitter API v1.1' and consolidate them into paid plans. Twitter to end free API provision, impacting account linking, etc. - GIGAZINE However, X has been offering a pay-per-use model in closed beta since around October 2025, and has now been officially released. The key to the pay-per-use model is that you purchase credits in advance, and the balance decreases each time you call the API. The fee is not a flat rate; the unit price varies depending on which endpoint you use, and the specific unit price can be checked on the Developer Console. The fee structure is as follows: While retrieving the same data multiple times can easily increase costs, X explains that in principle, there is a system in place to avoid charging for duplicates when retrieving the same post or user repeatedly on the same day. However, they also state that there are exceptions and that this is not a complete guarantee. To prevent overuse, there are settings that automatically purchase additional credits when the balance falls below a certain level, and settings that set a spending limit for each billing cycle and stop requests when the limit is reached. In other words, monitoring usage and setting limits will become the focus of operations, compared to when you purchased space at a fixed rate. Public apps with high public interest will continue to receive free, scaled access. Developers who were previously using the old free tier will receive a one-time $10 voucher when they switch to pay-as-you-go pricing. Developers who already have a fixed-fee Basic or Pro plan can switch to pay-as-you-go pricing if needed, leaving room for existing contracts. Set as Preferred Source Copy Title and URL Related Posts: Twitter announces a new API plan 'Pro', complete archive search, acquisition of 1 million tweets per month, posting of 300,000 tweets, etc. are possible, and the monthly fee is about 700,000 yen
Twitter's free API will be extended until February 13th, and in addition to the two paid plans, we plan to offer a free plan that allows you to create 1,500 tweets per month, and the Premium API is deprecated.
Twitter Third-party application announces a new API "Account Activity API" that makes real time timeline acquisition impossible from August
Paid Google AI plan subscribers who accessed the Google Gemini model via OpenClaw have had their accounts suspended one after another for violating the terms of service.
Twitter will end the free provision of API, will it affect account linkage etc.
Twitter API usage rule has been changed and the number of requests is within 60 basic / hour
GitHub Copilot restrictions are being implemented, possibly due to a gradual shift to a token-based billing model following a nearly doubling of weekly operating costs starting in January 2026.
Twitter's free API offer extended for 'several days'
Feb 09, 2026 13:26:00 in Web Service , Posted by log1i_yk
[len 3920 ]
