TITLE: Robinhood Accelerates Global Expansion with Robinhood Chain Mainnet, Stock Tokens, Agentic Trading and New Suite of DeFi Products
Robinhood Accelerates Global Expansion with Robinhood Chain Mainnet, Stock Tokens, Agentic Trading and New Suite of DeFi Products
From London, Robinhood unveils new plans to expand global ownership through an extensive suite of decentralized finance and agentic products.
Today, live from the historic Old Royal Naval College in London, Robinhood Markets hosted Robinhood Presents: The World is Flat , a landmark keynote revealing our most ambitious global expansion and product vision to date.
From expanding our vision for ownership to new regions, to bridging the gap between traditional finance and DeFi with the Robinhood Chain, we’re breaking down legacy financial borders to give customers unprecedented access to global markets.
“Decentralized finance unlocks possibilities beyond what traditional finance can offer, but historically, it has required technical expertise to navigate,” said Johann Kerbrat, SVP and General Manager of Crypto and International at Robinhood. “We’re bringing the best of traditional finance and DeFi together, and in doing so, expanding financial ownership to every corner of the globe.”
Expanding Global Ownership with DeFi
Robinhood Chain Public Mainnet Across the Globe
We are officially launching the Public Mainnet of Robinhood Chain . Built using the Arbitrum Platform to institutional standards and natively connected to Robinhood's onchain users, this Layer 2 blockchain provides a turnkey environment for builders. The Robinhood Chain ecosystem is actively growing with day one partners including Uniswap, which is deploying a dedicated AMM to serve as a primary public liquidity protocol, and Pleiades, which is deploying a proprietary AMM to serve as a primary prop trading venue.
With deep integrations from industry leaders like Alchemy, BitGo, and Chainlink, the chain features fast block times and out-of-the-box DeFi primitives like lending and borrowing. AI-native and purpose-built for real-world assets, Robinhood Chain creates a permissionless environment for builders to innovate seamlessly.
Stock Tokens are available today on the Robinhood Wallet in more than 120 countries, although availability varies by jurisdiction. With the new Stock Tokens, eligible individuals can unlock possibilities like 24/7 trading directly on the Robinhood Chain, including asset productivity through activities such as deploying tokens into lending pools and utilizing them as trading collateral across the broader DeFi ecosystem.
This spot trading experience will be accessible for eligible users within the Robinhood Wallet via decentralized exchanges like Uniswap, Rialto, Lighter, Arcus, and 1Inch.
The first generation of Stock Tokens, now called Classic Stock Tokens , will continue to be available in the Robinhood Europe app.
We’re starting to roll out Robinhood Earn to eligible US users, the first decentralized lending product available directly through the main Robinhood app. Robinhood Earn allows people to lend their dollar-backed USDG through a self-custody wallet at an estimated 7% APY, with insurance procured through Lloyd's of London and RELM to protect covered losses in the event of cyber or smart contract exploits. The underlying lending infrastructure is powered by the Morpho protocol, and the product was built with the support of category-defining partners like Steakhouse, Ethena, Spark and Maple.
Perpetuals Available in Robinhood Wallet
We’ve updated the Robinhood Wallet experience, adding native integrations with Robinhood Chain.
Eligible users in selected jurisdictions can now access perpetual futures on Lighter, a decentralized exchange, within the Robinhood Wallet. Lighter has committed 11 million $LIT tokens to the Robinhood community. Eligible users earn points on perpetual futures trades on Lighter — 2x when trading through Robinhood Wallet, 1x when trading on Lighter's web application —which convert directly into $LIT from that pool, subject to Lighter’s terms.
The Next Generation of Advanced Trading
Perpetual Futures Expansion in the EU
Since expanding Robinhood’s reach to 30 European countries last year, perpetual futures for crypto have quickly become one of our fastest-growing products in the EU. Until now, perpetuals on our platform were exclusively supported for crypto. Starting today, commodity, ETF, and FX perpetual futures are being rolled out on Robinhood in Europe. Eligible European investors can now trade widely followed assets, including GOLD, SILVER, QQQ, EUR/USD, WTI, Brent crude oil, and EWY, with up to 10x leverage, expanding their ability to use a range of advanced derivatives in a single platform, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Expanded perpetual futures are rolling out in waves to eligible users.
Maker/Taker Fees, as Low as 0% in the US
For eligible crypto traders, we are introducing maker order types, allowing professional & advanced traders who want to offer liquidity on the platform an improved fee structure as low as 0% based on volumes.
Today, Robinhood serves nearly 28 million customers across 38 countries and three continents, a milestone that reflects our commitment to expanding financial ownership worldwide. We are continuing to create access across borders to quality financial products, making building wealth an easier part of everyday life.
We’re planning to launch crypto in the UK soon. This planned launch will strengthen Robinhood's position as an all-in-one investing platform for UK traders.
Expanding Robinhood to Canada
On Canada Day, we are thrilled to announce that Robinhood is officially available to Canadian residents. Following our acquisition of WonderFi , this launch brings all the features our global community loves about crypto to local investors. To celebrate our launch, there are zero trading fees for our Canadian customers until September 30.
Broadening Our Reach to Singapore
Robinhood Singapore has received its capital markets services licence from MAS, a significant step towards offering brokerage services to customers in the future.
AI at the Center of Your Financial Life
Agentic Accounts for Crypto Trading in US
After launching Agentic Trading for equities and options in the US last month, we are bringing that same powerful technology to crypto. While institutional giants have long used high-frequency algorithms to spot market opportunities, retail traders are often left behind. To bridge this gap, we are preparing to launch Agentic Accounts for crypto. Using our Trading MCP, eligible US traders can connect their AI model of choice to Robinhood data sources and tools. Your agent can continuously scan millions of data points and execute strategies the moment the market turns. Crucially, humans remain in control by deciding exactly how much capital to allocate and set the specific safety guardrails.
Agentic Trading for Crypto will begin rolling out soon to eligible US traders at no additional cost.
Robinhood set an official GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS® title: the most items purchased by an AI agent in three minutes using a single credit card. Using the Robinhood Agentic Credit Card, an AI agent independently sourced, selected and ordered an assortment of gifts for event attendees. The record was certified on-site by an official GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS® adjudicator.
Robinhood Markets, Inc. (NASDAQ: HOOD) is a global leader in financial services offering retail brokerage, crypto, advisory, digital banking services, and private markets access to a new generation of investors. Additional information about Robinhood can be found at www.robinhood.com.
A Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This blog post includes forward-looking statements about Robinhood Markets, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “Robinhood,” “we,” or the “Company”), including statements regarding our planned product launches and developments, including the Robinhood Chain Public Mainnet, Stock Tokens, Robinhood Earn, perpetual futures expansion (including commodity, ETF, and FX perpetuals in the EU), maker/taker fee structure, crypto trading in the UK, Robinhood’s expansion to Canada and Singapore, Agentic Accounts for crypto trading, Cortex Digests for crypto, and other upcoming features. These statements are based on current assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Such risks include, but are not limited to, regulatory developments, market demand, legal challenges, technological changes, and economic conditions. Our forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may cause our actual future results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied in this blog post. Because some of these risks and uncertainties cannot be predicted or quantified and some are beyond our control, you should not rely on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect our business and financial results can be found in the “Risk Factors” section in Part I, Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, and in other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. Except as otherwise noted, all forward-looking statements in this blog post are made as of the date of this blog post, July 1, 2026, and are based on information and estimates available to us at this time. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any of the statements in this blog post whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances, or otherwise. You should read this blog post with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, events, and circumstances might be materially different from what we expect.
Robinhood Chain is a permissionless Layer 2 blockchain built for financial services and tokenized real-world assets. Learn more at https://robinhood.com/us/en/chain/.
Crypto markets are highly volatile, and trading or holding crypto can lead to loss of your assets. Investment and crypto asset services for EU customers are offered through Robinhood Europe, UAB (“RHEU”) (company code: 306377915) which is authorized and regulated by the Bank of Lithuania ("BoL”) as a financial brokerage firm, a crypto-asset service provider, and a payment institution. RHEU’s registered address is: Vilniaus g. 33-201, LT-01402 Vilnius, Lithuania; website .
Perpetual futures offered through RHEU are complex derivative products, and trading involves significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors, particularly for perpetuals referencing assets which experience volatile price movements. Further, leveraged trading is risky as it can amplify the speed of your losses and increases the chance of you losing all of your initial investment. Please carefully consider if investing in such financial instruments is appropriate for you in light of your specific experience, risk tolerance, and financial situation. Restrictions and eligibility requirements apply.
Classic Stock Tokens are derivative contracts between you and RHEU. They are priced at the prices of the underlying securities without granting rights to them. Classic Stock Tokens carry a high level of risk and are not appropriate for all investors. Investors may lose up to the full amount of their invested capital due to market conditions or the insolvency of RHEU. Please review the Description of the Services, Financial Instruments, and Risks and the Key Information Document and fully understand all associated risks before investing.
Stock Tokens are tokenised debt securities issued by Robinhood Assets (Jersey) Limited that provide economic exposure to underlying securities but do not grant investors any legal or beneficial rights in, or against the issuer of, those underlying securities. Stock Tokens are not 
[len 19219 ]
