TITLE: X makes it more expensive to post links through its API | TechCrunch
META og:description Posting links on X through its API is now 1,900% more costly.
META article:published_time 2026-04-22T13:42:51+00:00
META article:modified_time 2026-06-30T14:36:04+00:00
–:–:–:– Disrupt 2026: OpenAI, Anthropic, Replit, and more take over 6 industry stages. 25% off tickets now Disrupt ticket savings of up to $200 + 50% off a second ends Sept 25, 11:59 p.m. PT. REGISTER HERE. Close Image Credits: TechCrunch Apps X makes it more expensive to post links through its API Ivan Mehta 6:42 AM PDT · April 22, 2026 Social network X has made it more expensive to post links through its API. The change is designed to thwart spam and “vectors of misuse,” the company said. The new pricing increased costs from $0.01 per link to $0.20. Last week, the X developer account posted changes to its API rates. The two most notable hikes were an increase in link posting price and an increase in posting price, which went up from $0.01 to $0.105 per post. These changes are designed to drive healthier developer behavior and curb vectors of misuse. More great features & updates coming very soon. — Developers (@XDevelopers) April 16, 2026 This move might discourage many publications from posting links. For instance, tech news aggregator Techmeme stopped adding links to the original articles in its posts on X this week. Instead, the posts say “Visit Techmeme dot com for the link and full context!” The US DOJ says a former ransomware negotiator pleaded guilty to helping cybercriminals extort companies in cyberattacks in five different incidents ( @lorenzofb / TechCrunch) (Visit Techmeme dot com for the link and full context!) — Techmeme (@Techmeme) April 21, 2026 Earlier this week, Techmeme said that the price increase was one of the reasons to remove links, which it said may return later. The publication also cited a Nieman Lab study, which noted that including links with posts on X resulted in dropped engagement. FYI: We're now omitting links in @Techmeme tweets. Why? 1. Links limit reach (see embedded study) 2. The cost for posting links using X's API increased today by 1900%. Links may return later, but we're still exploring how we might accomplish that. https://t.co/nqVpp5ymy1 — Techmeme (@Techmeme) April 20, 2026 X’s head of product, Nikita Bier, refuted the study’s results and said that accounts covered in the study were “habitual headline+link posters” that posted no additional context. He also replied to the Techmeme founder, Gabe Rivera, that “there is no code that is deboosting links.” He added that Techmeme should post a screenshot of reactions to the news along with the link. Techmeme should screenshot these and put them in the parent post. To succeed with links, the linked content must bleed into the post. pic.twitter.com/w353RExKVM — Nikita Bier (@nikitabier) April 20, 2026 Earlier in the week, Rivera reacted to API price changes and said that this would force news sites to pay hundreds of dollars or post manually. “I think they’re saying if you have a news site that tweets links, and you don’t tweet them manually, you now have to pay X hundreds of dollars per month?” he argued . The debate of X reducing the reach of posts with links is not new. A few years ago, the company cut headlines from the link previews on the platform but reverted the change after a few weeks . Topics Apps , Social , social media , Twitter , X , x api When you purchase through links in our articles, we may earn a small commission . This doesn’t affect our editorial independence. Ivan Mehta Ivan covers global consumer tech developments at TechCrunch. He is based out of India and has previously worked at publications including Huffington Post and The Next Web. You can contact or verify outreach from Ivan by emailing im@ivanmehta.com or via encrypted message at ivan.42 on Signal. View Bio October 13 – 15 San Francisco Your next big connection is at Disrupt. Connect with 10,000+ founders, VCs, operators, and tech leaders. Explore tomorrow’s breakthroughs, hear what’s shaping tech today, and save up to $200 by Sept. 25 at 11:59 p.m. PT. BOOK NOW Most Popular Meta made a Tamagotchi-like wearable for its Muse AI agent Lucas Ropek
Anthropic says its biology lab has already found something big Julie Bort
PitPro’s first tire-changing robot goes live in Canada Sean O'Kane
Anthropic releases Opus 5.5 with lower prices and Fable-level performance Russell Brandom
Meta’s Muse is outpacing ChatGPT’s early mobile launch Sarah Perez
Tilly Norwood’s press tour is going about as well as you’d expect for an AI Amanda Silberling
A new kind of AI model from a ChatGPT inventor is thrilling developers Tim Fernholz
[len 4461 ]
