TITLE: Nitter and XCancel are dead (again) after X's latest legal actions | TechCrunch
META og:description The privacy-friendly services for viewing X posts without an account have gone dark again after X&#039;s escalated legal action.
META article:published_time 2026-09-15T15:49:18+00:00
META article:modified_time 2026-09-15T16:19:23+00:00
–:–:–:– Disrupt 2026: OpenAI, Anthropic, Replit, and more take over 6 industry stages. 25% off tickets now Disrupt ticket savings of up to $200 + 50% off a second ends Sept 25, 11:59 p.m. PT. REGISTER HERE. Close Image Credits: TechCrunch Social Nitter and XCancel are dead (again) after X’s latest legal actions Sarah Perez 8:49 AM PDT · September 15, 2026 After X threatened legal action last month, Nitter and XCancel, privacy-friendly services for viewing X posts, appear to be officially dead — for real this time. Nitter, an open source project that let people read X posts without logging in, had been used to power a number of services, like XCancel and others . But last month, X sent Nitter a cease-and-desist letter over its alleged “unlawful use and circumvention” of X’s API and associated data. Essentially, X said that Nitter had scraped the social network’s data to access accounts and session tokens in violation of its rules. Despite the threat, Nitter said on its GitHub page that “following legal advice, the Nitter project will continue,” and promised more details would come soon. In early September, both Nitter and XCancel were up and running again after a short pause. Unfortunately, things have since changed. Nitter’s GitHub page was archived on Friday, September 11, indicating it’s now in read-only status and can no longer be modified or updated. XCancel , meanwhile, shut its service down on Monday, and published a new message on its home page: “Unfortunately, due to a new development in the ongoing legal proceedings, we are required to suspend this service again until further notice.” Image Credits: XCancel Nitter, which worked by fetching public X posts and then stripping out the ads, tracking cookies, and JavaScript, gave people a clean, clutter-free way to read posts without an account or the social network’s app. For X, however, this is not ideal, as it doesn’t want people to access its content without being able to monetize those views with ads. That’s also why Twitter had disallowed third-party apps from accessing its content years ago, wiping out popular services like Twitterrific and Tweetbot along the way. This wasn’t X’s first attempt to shut down Nitter, but it seems to have worked. Back in 2024, Nitter’s main instance, Nitter.net, temporarily went offline after X rolled out new API restrictions. After that crackdown, those who wanted to host a Nitter instance had to connect it to a real X account. For lurkers, the services’ closures are a bummer, as they had offered a way to view what was happening on X without having to actually participate on X or help it boost its user numbers. Nitter did not respond to a request for comment. Topics Apps , Social , Twitter , X When you purchase through links in our articles, we may earn a small commission . This doesn’t affect our editorial independence. Sarah Perez Consumer News Editor Sarah has worked as a reporter for TechCrunch since August 2011. She joined the company after having previously spent over three years at ReadWriteWeb. Prior to her work as a reporter, Sarah worked in I.T. across a number of industries, including banking, retail and software. You can contact or verify outreach from Sarah by emailing sarahp@techcrunch.com or via encrypted message at sarahperez.01 on Signal. View Bio October 13 – 15 San Francisco Your next big connection is at Disrupt. Connect with 10,000+ founders, VCs, operators, and tech leaders. Explore tomorrow’s breakthroughs, hear what’s shaping tech today, and save up to $200 by Sept. 25 at 11:59 p.m. PT. BOOK NOW Most Popular Meta made a Tamagotchi-like wearable for its Muse AI agent Lucas Ropek
Anthropic says its biology lab has already found something big Julie Bort
PitPro’s first tire-changing robot goes live in Canada Sean O'Kane
Anthropic releases Opus 5.5 with lower prices and Fable-level performance Russell Brandom
Meta’s Muse is outpacing ChatGPT’s early mobile launch Sarah Perez
Tilly Norwood’s press tour is going about as well as you’d expect for an AI Amanda Silberling
A new kind of AI model from a ChatGPT inventor is thrilling developers Tim Fernholz
[len 4134 ]
