TITLE: Robinhood CEO Teases Memecoins — TradingView News
META og:description Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev has reignited speculation that the trading platform could expand its presence in the memecoin market after engaging with a post calling for memecoins to come to Robinhood.The exchange of posts began when X user Value revived a July post asking followers to &#34;hear me out&#34; on…
Robinhood CEO Teases Memecoins
Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev has reignited speculation that the trading platform could expand its presence in the memecoin market after engaging with a post calling for memecoins to come to Robinhood.
The exchange of posts began when X user Value revived a July post asking followers to "hear me out" on the idea of "Memecoins on Robinhood."
Vlad Tenev @vladtenev 👂 Sep 01, 2026
The timing is notable. Robinhood has been enjoying significant momentum in crypto following the July launch of Robinhood Chain, its Ethereum-compatible Layer 2.
The network has rapidly become a major venue for speculative trading.
According to blockchain intelligence firm Arkham, Robinhood Chain recently generated more chain fees than Solana, Base and Ethereum.
In July, Tenev himself acknowledged that Robinhood was building the chain for real-world assets, but it also "works great for memes."
Robinhood's meme coin history
Robinhood already has a long history with memecoins, however. The company listed Dogecoin DOGEUSD on July 16, 2018, when it was still a relatively small cryptocurrency and long before the 2021 retail-driven explosion in meme-coin trading.
The platform later added Shiba Inu SHIBUSD on April 12, 2022. The listing came after months of pressure from the Shiba Inu community and during a period when SHIB remained one of the biggest names in crypto.
Its current U.S. crypto lineup also includes Pepe PEPEUSDT , Bonk (BONK), Dogwifhat (WIF), Floki FLOKIUSD , Popcat (POPCAT), Moo Deng (MOODENG), Peanut the Squirrel (PNUT), cat in a dogs world (MEW), Pudgy Penguins (PENGU), and other tokens.
For now, however, the community is largely connecting the dots. It remains to be seen whether there will be an actual announcement from Tenev.
Read original article on U.Today
[len 1798 ]
